added PBIRB march release (#5081)
MicrosoftDocs/powerbi-docs: powerbi-docs/paginated-reports/paginated-reports-change-log.md

Ready to get started? [Install Power BI Report Builder](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2086513) from the Microsoft Download Center.

## March 2024

Version 15.7.1807.730, released March 24, 2024

> - Fixed issue with jpg files not respecting the EXIF rotation property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue with JPEG files not respecting the EXIF rotation property.
```

- Updated to use the last MSAL authentication library functionality.
- Various accessibilty fixes across all areas of the product.
- Bug fix for Power BI Report Builder freezing during certain operations.
- Various bug fixes. 

### Features

> - Power Query Online connectivity to 100’s of new data sources is now in preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Power Query Online connectivity to hundreds of new data sources is now in preview.
```
